Key,Source,Context,English
decoNewVase01RH,blocks,Block,Vase,,,,,
decoNewVase02RH,blocks,Block,Urn,,,,,
decoNewParkBench01RH,blocks,Block,Weathered Park Bench,,,,,
coffinsRHSchematic,items,Item,Caskets Schematic,,,,,
cntCasket01RH,blocks,Block,Casket,,,,,
cntCasket02RH,blocks,Block,Casket,,,,,
cntCasket03RH,blocks,Block,Casket,,,,,
casketBlockVariantHelperRH,blocks,Variant,Casket Block,,,,,
cntCasketHelperRH,blocks,Block,= Casket = Random Helper,,,,,
cntStorageCasket01RH,blocks,Block,Casket (Storage),,,,,
cntStorageCasket02RH,blocks,Block,Casket (Storage),,,,,
cntStorageCasket03RH,blocks,Block,Casket (Storage),,,,,
tombstonesRHSchematic,items,Item,Tombstones Schematic,,,,,
tombStone01RH,blocks,Block,Tombstone 01,,,,,
tombStone02RH,blocks,Block,Tombstone 02,,,,,
tombStone03RH,blocks,Block,Tombstone 03,,,,,
tombStone04RH,blocks,Block,Tombstone 04,,,,,
tombStone05RH,blocks,Block,Tombstone 05,,,,,
tombStoneBlockVariantHelperRH,blocks,Variant,Tombstone Block,,,,,
guppyNewGravestone01RH,blocks,Block,Weathered Tombstone 01,,,,,
guppyNewGravestone02RH,blocks,Block,Weathered Tombstone 02,,,,,
guppyNewGravestone04RH,blocks,Block,Weathered Tombstone 03,,,,,
guppyNewGravestone05RH,blocks,Block,Weathered Tombstone 04,,,,,
urnDesc,blocks,Block,Mourn your lost loved ones or celebrate the peace and quiet.,,,,,
decoNewPulpit01RH,blocks,Block,Cathedral Pulpit,,,,,
churchRHSchematic,items,Item,Church Schematic,,,,,

