Key,File,Type,english
animalFox,entityclasses,Entity,Fox
animalRobin,entityclasses,Entity,Robin
animalCrow,entityclasses,Entity,Crow
animalEagle,entityclasses,Entity,Eagle
animalAlcatraz,entityclasses,Entity,Alcatraz
animalBloatfly,entityclasses,Entity,Bloatfly
animalGuppyInsect,entityclasses,Entity,Giant Bee
animalPug,entityclasses,Entity,Pug
animalBeagle,entityclasses,Entity,Beagle
animalBat,entityclasses,Entity,Bat
animalBats,entityclasses,Entity,Bats
animalGoat,entityclasses,Entity,Goat
animalWolfhound,entityclasses,Entity,Hound
animalWulf,entityclasses,Entity,White Wolf
animalBanditWolf,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit Wolf
animalSpider01,entityclasses,Entity,Young Spider
animalSpider02,entityclasses,Entity,Spider
animalSpider03,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter Spider
animalSnowSwarm_X,entityclasses,Entity,Snow Swarm
animalSnowTornado_X,entityclasses,Entity,Snow Tornado
animalBloodFlySwarm_X,entityclasses,Entity,Blood Swarm
buffSnowSwarm,buffs,Buff,New,"You are inside a snow storm, take cover or you may get frost bite!"
buffFrostbiteDesc,buffs,Buff,New,"Minor frostbite will reduce your stamina, stay out of snow storms to avoid a severe case of frostbite."
buffFrostbiteTooltip,buffs,Buff,New,You have minor frostbite.
buffFrostbite2Desc,buffs,Buff,New,You have severe frostbite!
buffFrostbite2Tooltip,buffs,Buff,New,"You have severe frostbite, you health gain is reduced by 50%!"
FoodChangeOT,ui_display,Buff,New,Food Loss Over-Time
FoodLossPerStaminaPointGained,ui_display,Buff,New,Food Loss Per Stamina Gain
junkTurretSledge,entityclasses,Entity,Sledge Turret
junkTurretGun,entityclasses,Entity,Turret
animalMountainLion,entityclasses,Entity,Mountain Lion
animalZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Dog
animalCoyote,entityclasses,Entity,Coyote
animalWolf,entityclasses,Entity,Wolf
animalDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,Dire Wolf
animalSnake,entityclasses,Entity,Snake
animalBear,entityclasses,Entity,Wild Bear
animalZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Bear
animalBoar,entityclasses,Entity,Wild Boar
animalBossGrace,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Boar
animalZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Vulture
animalZombieVultureRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Vulture
zombieJanitor,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBiker,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarder,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleader,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorker,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolition,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLab,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieLabRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Lab Assistant
legendaryZombieLab,entityclasses,Entity,Legendary Lab Assistant
legendaryZombieBusinessMan,entityclasses,Entity,Legendary Business Man
legendaryZombieUtilityWorker,entityclasses,Entity,Legendary Utility Worker
zombieArleneV1,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneV2,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneV3,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneV4,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Arlene
zombieArleneRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Arlene
zombieBoeV1,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeV2,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeV3,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeV4,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Boe
zombieBoeRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Boe
zombieSteveCrawlerV1,entityclasses,Entity,Burnt Crawler
zombieSteveCrawlerV2,entityclasses,Entity,Moldy Crawler
zombieSteveCrawlerV3,entityclasses,Entity,Mossy Crawler
zombieSteveCrawlerV4,entityclasses,Entity,Skinned Crawler
zombieMoeV1,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeV2,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeV3,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeV4,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Moe
zombieMoeRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Moe
zombieYoV1,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoV2,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoV3,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoV4,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Mr. Yo
zombieYoRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Mr. Yo
zombieFatMamaHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Big Mama
zombieDarleneHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Darlene
zombieDarleneHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Darlene
zombieMarleneHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Marlene
zombieMarleneHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Marlene
zombieJanitorHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,The Janitor
zombieJanitorHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,The Janitor
zombieJanitorHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,The Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,The Radiated Janitor
zombieSteveHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Steve
zombieSteveHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Steve
zombieJoeHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Joe
zombieJoeHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Joe
zombieBikerHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Biker
zombieBikerHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Biker
zombieBikerHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Biker
zombieBikerHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSanta,entityclasses,Entity,Mall Santa
zombieSantaFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Mall Santa
zombieNurseTemplate,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Nurse
zombieNurseTemplateFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Nurse
zombieFemaleTutorial,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Neighbor
zombieFemaleTutorialFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Neighbor
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierMaskHelmet,entityclasses,Entity,Masked Soldier
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierMaskHelmetFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Masked Soldier
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierHelmetNoMask,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Soldier
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierHelmetNoMaskFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Solder
zombieGuppySoldier01,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
zombieGuppySoldier01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Soldier
zombieGuppySoldier01Crawler,entityclasses,Entity,Crawler Soldier
zombieGuppySoldier01CrawlerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Crawler Soldier
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01,entityclasses,Entity,Lieutenant
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lieutenant
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01Helmet,entityclasses,Entity,Cadet
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01HelmetFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cadet
zombieGuppySoldierLeader,entityclasses,Entity,Infected General
zombieGuppySoldierLeaderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral General
zombieGuppyDoctor01,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Doctor
zombieGuppyDoctor01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor
zombieGuppyDoctor02,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Surgeon
zombieGuppyDoctor02Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Surgeon
zombieGuppyDoctor03,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Physician
zombieGuppyDoctor03Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Physician
zombieGuppyDoctor04Black,entityclasses,Entity,Assistant Surgeon
zombieGuppyDoctor04BlackFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Assistant Surgeon
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale01,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Doctor
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale02,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Surgeon
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale02Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Surgeon
zombieHazmatFemale01TSBX,entityclasses,Entity,The Quarantined
zombieHazmatFemale01TSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Quarantined
zombieGuppyMalePatient,entityclasses,Entity,Patient Zero
zombieGuppyProstitute,entityclasses,Entity,Stripper
zombieGuppyAlma,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Child
zombieRekt,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Farmer
zombieRektFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Farmer
zombieRektRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Farmer
zombieWhiteClown,entityclasses,Entity,Crazed
zombieHugh,entityclasses,Entity,Frozen Hugh
zombieHughFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Frozen Hugh
zombieHughRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Frozen Hugh
zombieGuppyBaldCop,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cop
zombieGuppyBaldMan,entityclasses,Entity,Infected
zombieGuppyBeatCop,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Deputy
zombieGuppyBelle,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Schoolgirl
zombieGuppyCarmela,entityclasses,Entity,The Walker
zombieGuppyLucy,entityclasses,Entity,Hungry Child
zombieMalacayFCiv01,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Civilian
zombieGuppyPete,entityclasses,Entity,Pete
zombieGirl,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Teacher
zombieGuppyHungryJeff,entityclasses,Entity,Hungry Jeff
zombieGuppyNurse,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Nurse's Aid
zombieGuppyOldManZombie,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Hobo
zombieGuppyPoliceRalph,entityclasses,Entity,Officer Ralph
zombieGuppySeth,entityclasses,Entity,The Chosen One
zombieCopSheriffTSBX,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Sheriff
zombieCopSheriffTSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Sheriff
zombieCopSwat01TSBX,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Swat Member
zombieCopSwat01TSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Swat Member
zombieCopCityFemale01TSBX,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Officer
zombieCopCityFemale01TSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Officer
zombieHoly01MUMPFY,entityclasses,Entity,Lost Raver
zombieHoly01MUMPFYFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Raver
zombieGuppyPest,entityclasses,Entity,Pest
zombieGuppyBiomechanicalWight,entityclasses,Entity,Burnt Wight
zombieGuppyClot,entityclasses,Entity,Clot
zombieGuppyCreepyCrawly,entityclasses,Entity,Creepy Crawly
zombieGuppyInfernalDog,entityclasses,Entity,Infernal Dog
zombieBehemoth,entityclasses,Entity,Behemoth
zombieGuppyAbonimation,entityclasses,Entity,The Abomination
zombieJanitorT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeralT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeralT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarderT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeralT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeralT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorkerT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeralT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolitionT1,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiatedT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLabT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeralT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieJanitorT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeralT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeralT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarderT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeralT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeralT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorkerT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeralT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolitionT2,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiatedT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLabT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeralT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieJanitorT3,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeralT3,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerT3,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeralT3,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarderT3,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeralT3,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderT3,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeralT3,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorkerT3,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeralT3,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolitionT3,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiatedT3,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLabT3,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeralT3,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieJanitorT4,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeralT4,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerT4,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeralT4,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarderT4,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeralT4,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderT4,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeralT4,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorkerT4,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeralT4,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolitionT4,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiatedT4,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLabT4,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeralT4,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieJanitorT5,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeralT5,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerT5,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeralT5,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarderT5,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeralT5,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderT5,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeralT5,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorkerT5,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeralT5,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolitionT5,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiatedT5,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLabT5,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeralT5,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieJanitorAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeralAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeralAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarderAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeralAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeralAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorkerAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeralAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolitionAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiatedAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLabAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeralAirDropT1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieJanitorAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Janitor
zombieJanitorFeralAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Janitor
zombieArleneRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Biker
zombieBikerFeralAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker
zombieSkateboarderAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Skater Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeralAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Skater
zombieSkateboarderRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Punk
zombieBoeRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderFeralAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Cheerleader
zombieCheerleaderRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cheerleader
zombieDarleneRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Decayed Mother
zombieFemaleFatRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJoeRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarleneRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieOldTimerRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Screamer
zombieSoldierRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieUtilityWorkerAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeralAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Utility Worker
zombieYoRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolitionAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,The Demolition Man
zombieWightRadiatedAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Wight
zombieLabAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeralAirDropT2,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieWightNightWalkerT1,entityclasses,Entity,Night Walker
zombieWightNightWalkerT2,entityclasses,Entity,Night Walker
zombieWightNightWalkerT3,entityclasses,Entity,Night Walker
