Key,Source,Context,English
christmasTreeRH,blocks,Block,"Christmas Tree (Off)",,,,,
christmasTreeRHDesc,blocks,Block,"Stay in the holiday spirits, even after the rest of the world is dead! Use your remote to change the music.",,,,,
christmasTree01RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Silent Night",,,,,
christmasTree02RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - White Christmas",,,,,
christmasTree03RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Jingle Bell Rock",,,,,
christmasTree04RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Holly Jolly Christmas",,,,,
christmasTree05RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Happy Holidays",,,,,
christmasTree06RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Little Drummer Boy",,,,,
christmasTree07RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Most Wonderful Time of the Year",,,,,
christmasTree08RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Sleigh Ride",,,,,
christmasTree09RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Let It Snow Let It Snow Let It Snow",,,,,
christmasTree10RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Rocking Around the Christmas Tree",,,,,
christmasTree11RH,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Christmas Time Is Here",,,,,

christmasTree01RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Silent Night",,,,,
christmasTree02RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - White Christmas",,,,,
christmasTree03RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Jingle Bell Rock",,,,,
christmasTree04RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Holly Jolly Christmas",,,,,
christmasTree05RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Happy Holidays",,,,,
christmasTree06RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Little Drummer Boy",,,,,
christmasTree07RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Most Wonderful Time of the Year",,,,,
christmasTree08RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Sleigh Ride",,,,,
christmasTree09RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Let It Snow Let It Snow Let It Snow",,,,,
christmasTree10RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Rocking Around the Christmas Tree",,,,,
christmasTree11RHDesc,blocks,Block,"Christmas - Christmas Time Is Here",,,,,


decoHNXMASLIGHTS1RH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 1,,,,,
decoHNXMASLIGHTS1ARH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 1A,,,,,
decoHNXMASLIGHTS2RH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 2,,,,,
decoHNXMASLIGHTS2ARH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 2A,,,,,
decoHNXMASLIGHTS3RH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 3,,,,,
decoHNXMASLIGHTS3ARH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 3A,,,,,
decoHNXMASLIGHTS4RH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 4,,,,,
decoHNXMASLIGHTS5RH,blocks,Block,Christmas Lights 5,,,,,
decoHNChristmasTreeRH,blocks,Block,Christmas Tree,,,,,
decoHNSnowManRH,blocks,Block,Christmas Snowman,,,,,
decoHNPileofPresentsRH,blocks,Block,Christmas Presents,,,,,
decoHNChristmasSocksRH,blocks,Block,Christmas Stockings,,,,,
decoHNGiantCandyCaneRH,blocks,Block,Christmas Candy Canes,,,,,
decoHNGiantCandyCanex2RH,blocks,Block,Christmas Candy Canes X2,,,,,
christmasDesc,blocks,Block,From the HN Department Store comes a set of joyous holiday treats!,,,,,
xmasLightBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Variant,Christmas Lights Block,,,,,
